remove nerpa reference since its deprecated (#1049)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/hardware-requirements.md

The hardware requirements for Filecoin mining are tied to the computational resources needed to _seal_ a sector and generating regular _Proof of Spacetime_ for every sealed sector (_WindowPoSt_).

> These are computationally expensive operations which depend on the sector sizes used by the [Filecoin network](https://network.filecoin.io) on which the miner is running -, testnet, mainnet etc.-. For reference, the requirements listed below correspond to **32GiB sectors**, as used by mainnet and some testnets (_calibration_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Filecoin network requires storage providers to run computationally expensive operations. The cost of these operations depends on which network the storage provider is running; some testnets use a smaller sector size to increase the speeds of transactions artificially. For reference, the requirements listed below correspond to **32GiB sectors**, as used by mainnet and some testnets.
```
